#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   altex
    #   streamlit
altex==0.2.0
    # via
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via favicon
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via streamlit
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
faker==37.6.0
    # via streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
htbuilder==0.9.0
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via matplotlib
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lxml==6.0.1
    # via markdownlit
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via streamlit-faker
narwhals==2.2.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altex
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
plotly==6.3.0
    # via streamlit-extras
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via streamlit-extras
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via streamlit
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via markdownlit
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
st-annotated-text==4.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.49.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altex
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-avatar
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-avatar==0.1.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
streamlit-faker==0.0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.9
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.3.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   gitpython
    #   referencing
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via streamlit-extras
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
